[docs] Documentation restructure (#574)
elastic/apm-agent-dotnet: docs/intro.asciidoc

[[intro]]
== Introduction

The Elastic APM .NET Agent automatically measures the performance of your application and tracks errors.

> It has built-in support for the most popular frameworks and routers,

Reviewer: What is `routers`? I'm not sure it has a well known meaning in .NET. 
Update: Hah, by looking at other docs, I suspect that's some Node.js lingo :) Probably I'd still not add that word here.

Author: Ahhh, oops! Sorry about that

as well as a simple API which allows you to instrument any application.

[float]
[[how-it-works]]
=== How does the Agent work?

The agent auto-instruments <<supported-technologies,supported technologies>> and records interesting events,

> like HTTP requests and database queries. To do this, it {CONTENT_HERE}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
like HTTP requests and database queries. To do this, it uses built in capabilities of the instrumented frameworks like [Diagnostic Source](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.diagnostics.diagnosticsource?view=netcore-3.0), an HTTP module for IIS, or [IDbCommandInterceptor](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.data.entity.infrastructure.interception.idbcommandinterceptor?view=entity-framework-6.2.0) for Entity Framework.
```

> This means that for the supported technologies, there are no code changes required.

Reviewer: Sooo... the `no code changes required` is not 100% accurate: there is a 1 liner (or you need to register the IIS module) in order to to turn on these auto instrumentations. Maybe we could say, `there are no code changes required, other than enabling auto-instrumentation as shown on the [setup page](LinkToSetupPage)`. With this we'd be on the safe side and not create the impression that adding the NuGet packages is enough.

Author: Great idea, thank you!

> The Agent automatically {CONTENT_HERE}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Agent automatically registers callback methods for these built in Diagnostic Source events - or in case of the IIS HTTP module as described on the <<setup,Set up the Agent page>>, the user needs to register the module. With this, the supported frameworks trigger agent code for relevant events to measures their duration and collects metadata (like DB statements), as well as HTTP related information (like the URL, parameters, and headers).
```

Reviewer: In the `<<setup,Set up the Agent page>>` link it'd be nice to link to the `setup.html#setup-asp-net` part - not sure how to do that 😿

Author: I'll fix the link

These events, called Transactions and Spans, are sent to the APM Server.
The APM Server converts them to a format suitable for Elasticsearch, and sends them to an Elasticsearch cluster.

> You can then use the APM app in Kibana to gain insight into latency issues and error culprits within your application.

Author: One of the things this PR aims to do is add in a section on how the agent does instrumentation. I've added some boilerplate text here to hopefully assist with this. There are two {CONTENT_HERE} sections above that I'll need one of you to fill out. Feel free to write something different or amend this as necessary.

I've also updated elastic/apm#146 with links to examples in other Agent's docs.

Reviewer: Thx for the link - it was useful. I added suggestions to both.

[[intro]]
== Introduction

The Elastic APM .NET Agent automatically measures the performance of your application and tracks errors.
It has built-in support for the most popular frameworks,
as well as a simple API which allows you to instrument any application.

[float]
[[how-it-works]]
=== How does the Agent work?

The agent auto-instruments <<supported-technologies,supported technologies>> and records interesting events, like HTTP requests and database queries.
To do this, it uses built-in capabilities of the instrumented frameworks like
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.diagnostics.diagnosticsource?view=netcore-3.0[Diagnostic Source],
an HTTP module for IIS, or
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.data.entity.infrastructure.interception.idbcommandinterceptor?view=entity-framework-6.2.0[IDbCommandInterceptor] for Entity Framework.
This means that for the supported technologies, there are no code changes required beyond enabling <<setup,auto-instrumentation>>.

The Agent automatically registers callback methods for built-in Diagnostic Source events.

> The IIS HTTP module, as described in <<setup-asp-net, Set up ASP.net Core>>, will need to be registered.

Reviewer: One last thing: The IIS HTTP module is only required for ASP.NET Classic - it's not needed for ASP.NET Core. So what I tried to say here is that for almost everything the agent registers for the built-in Diagnostic Source events, except in case of ASP.NET Classic - in that case you need to manually register the IIS module, because there is no Diagnostic Source for that - so once either the the Diagnostic Source listeners of the HTTP module is registered, agent code will be triggered and measure the duration, etc. 

I'm not even sure we need to go into these details, I just wanted to mention the IIS module for completeness, but maybe it was rather confusing and less useful.

I let you decide, but I think it'd make sense to either drop the IIS module sentence, or adapt it as described above.

Author: Thanks for the clarification. Let's remove the sentence. It's probably more detail than is necessary.
